Update README.md (#995)
qlik-oss/sn-table: README.md

### Building and adding the sn-table extension to Qlik Sense

NOTE: at this point sn-table uses a package that require internal Qlik access. This means that external users cannot run `yarn` to install.
The package in question will soon be public and thus enable all users to install and build.

> Meanwhile, you can go back and use v1.21.0, which was the last version that works for everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Until then, external users can revert to using version 1.21.0, which is the last version that works for everyone.
```
